differentiate input claim set from the payload and clean up example structure (#308)
oauth-wg/oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt: draft-ietf-oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt.md

## Example 1: SD-JWT {#example-1}

> In this example, the simplest SD-JWT is demonstrated.

Reviewer: there exists no other SD-JWT that could be considered to be more simple than this? :) 

```suggestion
In this example, a simple SD-JWT is demonstrated.
```

Reviewer 2: demonstrated -> demonstrated

or represented?

Reviewer: "demostrated" is not a word and "demonstrated" is what was intended
